---
layout: post
title:  "Hi there!"
date:   2023-09-21 17:00:00
categories: mediator feature
tags: featured
---


My name is Javier, originally from Jaén, in Andalucía (southern Spain), and I'm based in Dubai 
working full-time as an Android engineer at Level Shoes, a globally recognized retail company 
specialized in the world of designer footwear and accessories. Together with an amazing team across 
several countries, we're crafting the ultimate e-commerce platform.


Starting from the beginning, I graduated from the University of Malaga, where I became more 
interested in programming and built my first Android app. Shortly after, my career took me to 
Madrid, where I immersed myself in the realm of software engineering. Since then, I have been 
permanently linked to this sector, working in both startups and prominent consulting firms, 
creating apps with millions of users and well recognized on Google Play.


I typically choose locations with pleasant weather. I have a predilection for the beach, sunbathing, 
delighting in healthy cuisine, urban hustle, and appreciating the freedom to travel anywhere with my 
laptop, which allows me to work from diverse settings. I consider myself a very methodical, organized 
and autonomous person, planner and very committed to my work, and this is something that I also apply 
to all areas of my life.


And, what do I do in my free time? I usually spend it reading articles about technology, experimenting 
with new features related to my work, travel, investments and artificial intelligence. Beyond the digital 
scope, I dedicate a lot of time to reading books on psychology and personal development. After all, it is 
also necessary to know the programming language of our mind, isn't it? That's what neuro-linguistic 
programming is all about.


I am also passionate about tennis, a sport that I have watched and practiced since I was a child 
and to which I dedicate many hours a week, both in training and in competitions, and that I 
usually combine with the gym.


How do you see your future? My professional interests continue to focus on software engineering 
and Android apps development, although I am currently also interested in another sector, data 
analysis (with the aim of organizing, managing and extracting meaningful information and conclusions 
that are useful for a company) and in Kotlin Mobile Multiplatform (to create cross-platform apps).


If you think I can contribute to your company or if you want to know more about the projects I have 
undertaken as well as my technological expertise, do not hesitate to contact me. I thrive on embracing 
new challenges and opportunities and I am always open to engaging with colleagues, industry experts and 
interesting people. Connect with me on LinkedIn to start a conversation!